Create list-columns with `list_of()` in `chop()` (#885)
tidyverse/tidyr: NEWS.md

# tidyr (development version)

* `chop()` now creates list-columns of class `vctrs::list_of()`. This
  helps keep track of the type in case the chopped data frame is

>   emptied. This allows `unchop()` to reconstitute a data frame with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  empty. This allows `unchop()` to reconstitute a data frame with
```

>   the correct column types even when there is no observation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the correct column types even when there are no observations.
```
